whisperx renoise_wavs/1.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/2.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/3.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/4.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/5.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/6.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/7.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/8.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/9.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/10.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/11.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/12.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/13.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/14.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/15.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/16.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/17.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/18.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/19.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/20.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/21.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/22.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/23.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/24.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/25.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/26.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/27.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/28.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/29.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/30.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/31.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/32.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/33.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/34.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/35.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/36.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/37.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/38.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/39.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/40.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/41.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/42.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/43.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/44.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/45.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/46.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/47.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/48.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/49.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/50.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/51.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/52.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/53.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/54.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/55.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/56.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/57.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/58.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/59.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/60.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/61.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/62.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/63.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/64.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/65.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/66.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/67.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/68.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/69.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/70.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/71.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/72.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/73.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/74.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/75.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/76.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/77.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/78.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/79.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/80.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/81.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/82.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/83.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/84.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/85.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/86.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/87.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/88.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/89.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/90.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/91.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/92.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/93.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/94.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/95.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/96.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/97.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/98.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/99.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/100.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/101.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/102.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/103.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/104.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/105.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/106.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/107.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/108.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/109.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/110.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/111.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/112.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/113.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/114.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/115.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/116.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/117.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/118.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/119.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/120.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/121.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/122.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/123.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/124.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/125.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/126.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/127.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/128.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/129.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/130.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/131.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/132.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/133.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/134.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/135.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/136.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/137.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/138.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/139.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/140.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/141.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/142.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/143.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/144.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/145.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/146.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/147.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/148.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/149.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/150.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/151.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/152.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/153.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/154.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/155.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/156.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/157.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/158.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/159.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/160.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/161.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/162.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/163.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/164.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/165.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/166.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/167.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/168.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/169.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/170.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/171.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/172.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/173.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/174.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/175.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/176.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/177.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/178.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/179.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/180.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/181.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/182.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/183.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/184.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/185.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/186.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/187.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/188.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/189.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/190.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/191.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/192.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/193.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
whisperx renoise_wavs/194.wav --compute_type float32 --language vi -o srt
